- Here, for Lab7 we are installing varoius packages such as BufferReader, FileReader, IOException, etc.
- In main class for Lab7 a File f stores the loaction of the file where the pathname is also mentioned (eg: "path/to/iris.csv")
- For the next step in each line a datatype is to be given for sumSepalLength, sumSepalWidth, sumPetalLength, sumPetalWidth as 0.0(initialization) and also count= 0
- Here by exception we are doing try-catch method where the code we provided reads in the iris dataset from a file using a Scanner object and processes each line of the file to extract the values for the four attributes: SepalLengthCm, SepalWidthCm, PetalLengthCm, and PetalWidthCm.
-The code opens the file f and creates a Scanner object br to read from the file. It then enters a loop that reads in each line of the file using the nextLine() method of the Scanner object.
-For each line, the code splits the line into an array of values using the split() method and the comma , as a delimiter. It then converts each value to a double using the Double.parseDouble() method and stores the values in separate variables sepalLength, sepalWidth, petalLength, and petalWidth. values[0] is used to extract the first value from the array values, which contains the attribute values for a single observation of the iris dataset.In the iris dataset, the first attribute is SepalLengthCm, and it is the first value in each line of the dataset file. Therefore, values[0] represents the value of SepalLengthCm for a single observation.
